[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>So another thing that
happens at these two poles,
the two places on the
precession of the equinoxes,
is that there tends to be
a shifting of the poles
at the axis of the earth.
Now, it was Edgar Cayce
who first brought this
to our attention
by his predictions.
And of course, when he
first brought that up
in the predictions,
the belief at that time
was that the poles never
shifted, except for maybe
100 million years or something.
They figured it was sort of
fixed forever kind of thing
and that never took place.
And it was probably
people who evolved
in the ARE that begin to
do research to see what
the truth of the matter was.
And they discovered that the
poles had shifted a mere 10,000
BC, 10,500 BC.
When you look at when that
is, that's 12,500 years ago,
which is right back under
the-- approximately,
very close to the time
where we were exactly right
on the other side of
the-- on the other point
on the other side.
The way they did
that was they knew
that there would be a lot of
volcanic action at the time.
They want to old volcano fields.
Lava tends to turn hard,
or iron pilings in the lava
turn hard before
the lava solidifies.
And they are perfect
spheres, so they line up
to the magnetic field, and
then the lava solidifies.
And so you can see
the magnetic lines
where the-- all you can tell
is where the magnetic pole was
rather than the actual
pole, which are usually
relatively close together.
And so they went to three
of these old lava fields
and crossed them
over, and then they
could pinpoint where the
magnetic North Pole was.
And then they can carbon
date those things.
Though, there's
better procedures now.
Radiocarbon dating was the
best one they had at the time.
And they were able to get it to
this time of about 10,500 BC.
But where did this crossover?
Almost dead center in Hawaii.
And then, they did
it one more time
and found that the poles had
shifted one more time back,
which is where we are right now.
And I don't remember where
they had found it at that time.
And when they found that
it had happened twice
in a row in one cycle, then
they made a serious study.
Using a different system, they
went into the ocean floors
and began to take these 6 inch
11 foot-long core samples out
of the floor of the ocean.
And they could read
the sediment in there.
And began to discover
that the poles have
shifted millions of times.
And not only had they shifted
in moving around like this,
but many times had
switched like that.
North became the South and
South became the North.
North became the South.
The polarity actually shifted.
And this is out of the
Geographical Society of America
where they have gone back for
hundreds of millions of years
and discovered-- this is
the oldest time here--
that for a long time, the North
Pole remained the North Pole.
And then one day, it switched.
In less than 20
hours, just like that.
One day it switched.
And then, it stayed that way
for a few thousands of years,
and then switched again.
And then there was this pattern
of switching back and forth.
But as you can see,
here it was all North.
And now, there's a
long period where
it was primarily South with
little pieces in the middle.
And then as we get more and more
into present-day time-- we're
talking about long
periods of time
here-- it kept switching back
and forth, back and forth,
back and forth.
That's not talking
about meandering.
That's talking about actual--
doing this kind of thing
as well as meandering.
And so they begin to
realize that there's
been a lot of activity
in this pole thing.
And then, there's books
out there, by John White,
for example, right now,
which is called "Pole Shift."
Another ARE person,
who has researched just
about everything on
the planet about that,
going into all the
theories of John Brown
and all kinds of other people.
And the more you realize
and you start gathering up
the data on this subject,
it's rather remarkable what's
been going on on the planet
that's happened a lot of times.
And what they've discovered
is that when it does happen,
it is just like that.
In less than one day, wham.
And many things have been
written about the triggers that
cause this.
What is the trigger
that makes this happen?
The John Brown theories,
and other people
that are associated
with him and everything,
think that it is the South
Pole or one of the poles,
the ice forms off-center,
which is what's happening
right now at the South Pole.
The ice cap is off-center.
And if that mass
keeps building up,
which is building up
right now, and has
been at a phenomenal rate--
it's about 2 and 1/2 or 3 miles,
I don't know what it is, deep.
And it's building up just
phenomenally off-center.
Well, just like any
physical object,
if you put a weight on a
spinning object off-center
enough, it's going to find
a new center at some point.
And they believe that
that's what it is.
That the poles will build up
to a certain degree and that
will happen.
And a real interesting
thing has happened today
at this very minute in
the South Pole is a huge--
and the satellites are-- there's
a lot of people concerned
right now.
Not only is this mass built
up off-center and is huge
and is immense, but there's a
volcano going on underneath it
right now.
>>Wow.
>>And it's glowing.
They can see from
the satellite space.
And these huge rivers are
spreading out from underneath,
melting the ice
underneath the cap.
If that cap breaks
loose, they calculate
it will move at 1,700 miles
an hour toward the equator.
So if you could imagine
something the size
of a continent moving
1,700 miles an hour
toward the equator.
If your imagination
can handle that one,
you can imagine what that would
do to life on this planet.
It would not quite be
the same after that.
That is one of the theories.
They've now discovered
another one, though.
Another trigger that could
happen that they never
dreamed of before.
And that is a certain
distance down into the earth,
there's a certain
kind of rock in there.
And the rock is held
together electronically.
And they've been
able to duplicate
this in the labs, where
if the poles did--
if the electronic nature of the
magnetic field were to stop,
and we have-- the magnetic
field of the earth
has been reducing dramatically
over the last 500 years,
getting weaker and weaker, and
weaker, and weaker, and weaker.
If it did come to a place where
that stopped for even a second,
this rock turns to liquid,
like oil, rather than a solid.
And so we'd have a solid shell.
We'd have a solid shell
with oil in the middle.
And the outer surface could
move at phenomenal speeds.
And they've been able to
duplicate this in there.
And they said, holy cow.
We're just sitting
on a time bomb.
If the electrical
nature of the planet
were to change real
fast in some way,
that could also be one of
the triggering mechanisms.
So it's real interesting.
And you can see where there are
huge depressions in the earth,
like in Hudson Bay.
And there's some
other places where
they believe that
one of the poles
was there with this
big ice cap that pushed
the pressure of the earth.
Because this ice is heavy.
You pick up a bucket of ice.
Imagine it being
2, 3 miles deep.
It's extremely heavy.
And in just a
moment, we're going
to look at the John Hamaker
theories of the greenhouse
effect and you can see how
that also affects other things.
So anyway, at the time that
these things take place,
we usually have-- accompanied
with a dimensional
or a consciousness change,
we have a very rapid change
in the geography
of the planet. .
And these changes just
show you how fast they are.
When you go up into Siberia
and you look into what
happened in the
very, very last one.
It's been carbon dated
to one 13,000 years ago.
You find animals, and trees, and
humans, and all these things,
ripped apart.
Torn, and thrown,
and slammed together,
and then frozen at some
unbelievable speed.
They've got all these theories
in how this could possibly
take place, which are pretty
exciting when these gases go up
in the air and come back down
at amazing winds, hundreds
of miles an hour.
500, 600, 700 miles an hour
and freeze things up real fast.
A lot of it they
don't really know.
They're guessing.
But all they know is they
look at the evidence.
And here's the stuff.
They found bison that
are tropical animals
with tropical food
in their stomachs
and in their mouths
that were walking around
in a very hot place, about
120 or 130 above ground,
and then frozen solid
right in their tracks.
And there are 212 different
kinds of ice structure.
As you get colder and
colder and colder,
the ice patterns will compact
into deeper and deeper freezing
patterns.
And of course, the
quicker and the deeper
you can get something frozen,
the longer it's going to last.
This bison meat is still
edible 13,000 years later.
We can eat it.
It's still good.
People have done it.
I ate 13,000-year-old
bison meat.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>Bison burger.
So I mean, whatever did
it happened really fast.
Really, really fast.
Anyway, we'll look at-- I don't
know what I was going to say.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Oh, the greenhouse effect.
We haven't got to
all that stuff yet.
But simply to say that there is
these incredible changes that
take place around
this time, usually.
According to Thoth, the
degree that the poles shift
will be in direct relationship
to how much the consciousness
changes, positive or negative.
That the orbital pattern and
its relationship to the sun,
the angle to the
sun, is directly
tied to awareness of the planet.
I could really get into that
on some of the stuff they say,
but it's a lot.
The great pyramids had
a lot to do with that.
The reason the orbit
that we're in right now
was calculated and
purposely built-- we
were purposely put
into this orbit
that we're in right now
of 365 and 1/4 days so
that we would be where
we are right now.
Because they knew that
that angle would produce
the level that we're at.
They knew it in advance.
But the last time the poles were
in Hawaii, it shifted this way.
It shifted like
90 degrees almost.
That's a big change because
usually the changes are just
a little bit.
They're just a tiny bit.
They're not these
things like this.
This is just a polarity.
This is like a
male/female type change.
This is--
[LAUGHTER]
Don't get excited.
>>Usually, they're just
a little, tiny bit.
But this last one was a lot.
But it wasn't a positive change.
It was a fall.
We dropped.
It was a great fall that's
referred to, even in the Bible.
We fell down, down, down,
down, to where we are now.
So that's one of the
aspects of what's going on.
Now, there's another thing.
And this does not usually
happen in our case
because we would normally be
where we're trying to get to.
We would normally be in
Christ consciousness,
which is the lowest
level that we get to.
And we would not have the
kinds of problems on our earth
that we're now having.
However, because we fell,
and we had to move back up,
and we're in this dis-harmonic
consciousness that we're in,
our earth is being
threatened because
of our level of awareness.
And I want to talk about this
threat to us for a little bit.
I don't want to talk about it
for the purpose of creating
fear in us.
Because there really
is no problem,
though it looks like a big one.
And the more you know about
it, and the more you study it,
and the more you
get involved in it,
the problem looks bigger
and bigger and bigger.
And now looks insolvable.
Our governments really don't
know what to do right now.
They don't really see
an answer to anything.
There's I don't know how many
scenarios going on right now.
And if any one of these
scenarios falls apart,
all life in the planet dies.
And they're all about
ready to fall apart,
it's just a matter-- if you put
your money on there and say,
which one's going to go first?
It's hard to say.
And yet, I say to you,
there's no problem.
Which seems sort
of inconsistent.
Well, we'll talk about
the problem, what
looks like a problem, first.
And as you study
this more, you'll
see there's really
no problem here.
But it looks pretty hopeless.
For a long time, we were
not aware of the situation.
Meaning "we" on a
daily basis down here.
The governments became
aware of it first.
The secret governments
became aware first,
and then the outer governments
became aware second.
And then, they didn't
tell us for a long time.
Though, they knew a
lot of the problems
that were being
developed because they
couldn't stop them.
Because if they did, it would
cause another kind of problem
called financial.
And that's still the main
reason why they're not
stopping a lot of the things.
They're not trying to kill us.
We have chosen a
lifestyle that ultimately
will end up killing all of
us if we don't change it.
And yet, no one
knows how to stop it.
They finally decided recently,
and I mean really recently.
This is "Time"
magazine January 1989.
It was really only about 1988
that the secret governments
of the world-- not governments,
secret government of the world
elected to allow
the information that
was of the problem to go out.
And only because of an
enlightening process
that took part on their part.
As I'll explain later,
the secret government
thought that they had it
made and didn't really care
what happened to us.
And now they find out that
they are intimately tied
to us no matter what they do.
And so their attitude
has changed dramatically.
These things I'm
throwing out like this,
I will come back and
clarify more later.
So in 1988, they began
to allow the information
of the problem, the big
environmental problem,
to come out.
The hippies in the '60s
were talking about it
and everybody, just, nah.
Those guys don't know what
they're talking about.
And in the '70s, they kept
talking about it. [INAUDIBLE]
no.
It took 20 years before it was
finally allowed to be released.
And when the governments
finally said, OK, do it.
They couldn't just
[INAUDIBLE] everybody
would just quit
their jobs and go
screaming through the streets.
So they had to tell you
little bits at a time.
And they've been telling
you little bits at a time,
slowly letting you know the
truth about your situation.
And we are like a cancer
patient that has a month left
and we're now being told
that we've got a month left.
Only they're first telling
us, oh, you got a few years
and they're going to keep
cutting it down in time.
Less and less.
I'm not saying that we have
a month left on earth here.
I mean, as an analogy.
I got to be real
careful what I say,
I've realized people take
things literally sometimes.
So in January, "Time"
put out this magazine
called "The Planet of the
Year-- The Endangered Earth."
And the entire thing was put
out to some of the problems
that we were having.
Just some of the major ones.
And to begin to let us, though
they actually started in 1988.
And one of them-- now,
this was August of 1988--
they put out called
"Our Filthy Seas."
And I'm going to just talk about
a few of the different levels.
So one of them is the oceans.
And to begin with,
there was a book
written by Jacques Cousteau.
You all know who he is, right?
And he wrote this book,
maybe 12 years ago.
And he said something in
there that nobody believed.
They just simply
didn't believe it.
He said that the
Mediterranean Sea
would be a dead body
with no life in it at all
by the end of 1990.
And that the
Atlantic Ocean would
be a dead body with not a
thing in it by the year 2000.
And they just thought, what?
No.
No way.
Impossible.
Well, he wasn't exactly on.
He was off by a
couple of years or so.
Three years or so.
It has gone a little bit
longer than he thought.
But the Mediterranean
Sea, as of this minute,
is just about a totally
annihilated body of water.
There's hardly
anything in it at all.
The entire sea at
the Mediterranean
is 90-- who knows?
95%, 96%, 97% completely gone.
Maybe it will take
another couple of years.
But within 2 years or 3
years, no life in there.
Another dead sea of the planet.
The Atlantic Ocean is
falling right behind it.
And he may not be
right at the year 2000.
Maybe it's the year
2005, or '06, or '07.
But that's going
to be a dead body.
It's dying.
It really is.
It's hard to imagine that that's
possible, but it really is.
It's going to be dead.
If we just continue,
just at the rate
we're going, without
even escalating at all.
We've been continually
escalating everything.
And there's whole areas
on the Atlantic Ocean,
from what I've
been reading, that
are as much as 3 to 5
feet thick of pure toxins.
Patches that are 100
square miles around.
No life can live on them.
It's like cancer sores all over.
There's mountains
of shit, literally.
Out in front of New York
Harbor, for example.
They've been pumping that
stuff out for 20 miles out.
And it's all coming back.
And this big mountains about
to enter the harbor now.
And they're all
going, what do we do?
And the ocean is dying.
And they never thought that that
could ever happen, but it is.
And they don't know
what to do about it.
They just don't know
want to do about it.
They just don't
know where to go.
This is the Pacific Ocean,
which he did not talk about,
which is a much
bigger body of water
and would probably take
much longer for it to do.
But the same signs,
the beginning signs
that were happening in the
Atlantic a long time ago,
are happening there.
These red tides are sweeping
throughout the Pacific.
And nothing can live
in or under that.
It takes all the oxygen out.
So when a fish swims in there,
there's no oxygen in the water
and they die.
It's just a sign of
a polluted planet.
And it's pretty horrible
what's happening, to watch this
take place to Mother Earth.
But it's going on.
And these oil wrecks
that keep happening, just
keep right on going.
But we just keep
right on sending them.
You know, we're not
going to stop our cars.
We're totally addicted
to this technology.
We can't stop.
And we'll go right to the
end, right to the very end,
till we all drop dead.
And we'll be in our cars
dropping dead, probably.
I'll be with them, I'm sure.
We're all addicted
to this stuff.
Well, the oceans are the
bottom of the food chain.
The plankton are there.
Without the plankton,
we can't live.
We can go, maybe
a few more years.
Then it's all over.
We can't live
without our oceans.
You may think you can stay
up here and just keep right
on going, but you can't.
We'll die without those things.
And that's a sure bet.
There's a lot of other problems.
That's only just one of them.
This is a satellite
photograph of the South Pole.
This is a big-- the
ozone hole right in here.
That's an old
photograph, actually.
It's one of the first
ones that came out.
And we didn't know
the hole was there
because of a software
glitch in the way
we designed the software,
in the computers that
were now analyzing this.
But when we finally did
figure out it was there,
and found out that it was
chlorine monoxide, which
was the final end product in the
key, the chemical companies who
were creating the CFCs that we
figured were destroying this.
Of course, they all said,
well, we're not doing it.
This is a natural phenomena.
This naturally takes place.
You guys just discovered it.
The entire world cooperated.
This was the first
time in the history
of the planet the entire
world of every single country
in the planet cooperated
on a single project.
And that was to check this out.
It took them two years
of high-altitude flights
to see what the levels of
chlorine monoxide were.
And when they
first were looking,
in their original
calculations, they
thought that it would
be 30 times over normal.
And they were really
worried about that.
However, when their
results came back
they were speechless because
it was 500 times over normal.
And that may have been a lie.
It may have been
much worse than that
and they just couldn't
say the words.
Couldn't say it.
Because-- and I'll say
why in just a moment.
This is the chain
reaction from the CFCs.
This little molecule is the
culprit, the chlorine monoxide.
This is what's been going--
this is what the EPA does here.
They can't tell you
the truth directly.
You could understand if
you were in their position.
And so they tell you that, oh,
it's worse than we thought.
It's 10 times worse.
That's in one statement.
Then, a few months later, oh,
it's worse than we thought.
It's 10 times worse.
You have to keep adding
these 10 times up each time.
Here's this one for example.
The fatality rate will be 21
times what the EPA had earlier
forecast.
Two weeks later-- oh, I don't
have that slide anymore.
I forgot.
Two weeks later, they came up
and they said a little thing.
Their earlier forecast of three
weeks either, it's double that.
Well, that went from
21 times to 42 times.
That's an enormous jump.
And in words, it just
goes right over us.
And they can just keep
right on doing that.
Who knows what the
real situation is?
We now know that there's
a hole in the North Pole.
There's one in the South Pole.
That the rest of
thing is Swiss cheese.
There was two people who-- and
I don't remember their names.
And I'm going to have to
get people to figure out
who these guys were.
They wrote a book about
10, 12 years ago also,
predicting that this
would happen in the ozone.
And it was a man and a wife team
predicting exactly everything
that's going to occur.
And then it started occurring
just like they said.
And of course, nobody thought
that they were accurate
until it started
getting to the levels
where people started
getting afraid.
People in the know, anyway.
And then about two
years ago, there
was a TV program on where
they brought in experts
from all over the world.
All saying, well,
what can we do?
And they all have
all these ideas
how they're going
to pump dust up
into the atmosphere and various
things to try to fix it.
Of course, it's all experimental
and nobody knows any idea
whether or not it
will work or not.
They finally got this man
and the wife team on the TV.
And I sat there and watched it.
they said to them,
well, you guys
know more about this
than anybody in the world
because you were able
to actually predict this
and everything else like that.
And the guy's a real optimist
and he says, well, what can
we do?
And the guy, a part
of the team, says
I don't think there's
anything we can do.
I think it's just over.
They don't want to hear
those kind of things.
He says, well, what
do you mean it's over?
And he says, well, first of all,
we can't get the entire world
to cooperate, which is true.
I mean, it's just impossible.
We had this meeting
down in Rio, where we
tried to get the whole world.
And George Bush didn't
even want to go.
And it was just all
a farce because we
didn't have any internal
agreement with anyone.
Money is more important than
the planet is what the truth is.
And jobs.
This kind of thing
is more important.
Though, it is important.
The money and the jobs
are important, of course.
But it's not going to do
us any good if we all die.
Somewhere, a balance
has to be found.
And so anyway, they
said, well, what do
you mean we're in trouble here?
And he said, well, supposing
we got the whole world
to cooperate today.
Everybody stopped.
No more refrigerators.
No more air conditioning.
No more spray cans and
a lot of-- who knows?
40 or 50 other
chemicals that do this.
And we stop all of this stuff.
He says, wouldn't do
him any good at all.
The guy goes, what do you mean?
And he says, well, the spray
came you sprayed yesterday,
depending on the calculations
and who you talked to,
it takes anywhere from 15
to 20 years to get up there.
And we've been using more
and more and more and more
in more recent times.
So this slowly-rising
cloud going up there,
it is eating up the atmosphere.
It will continue to eat the
atmosphere for 15 to 20 years
and at a faster and
faster rate because it's
denser and denser and
denser in more modern times.
What's eating right
up there now is
what we did 15 or 20 years ago.
Which wasn't nearly
what it is now.
And he says, we won't even
have an ozone in 10 years.
So what difference does it make?
Well, if we don't have an
ozone-- and believe me,
we almost don't have
an ozone in 1993.
I did get it right this time.
If we don't have an ozone, we're
going to have real problems.
They're very serious problems.
You won't be able to go
outside during the day.
You'll have to wear
totally closed up,
ultraviolet-- you can't have any
light hitting your skin at all,
if you went outside.
I mean, not even a
little crack anywhere,
because you would very
rapidly develop skin cancer.
In New Mexico and the
higher state levels right
now, skin cancer is about 50%
of the population and growing
rapidly.
And Australia and New
Zealand, down in there,
those people-- they're
really freaking out.
You can't even go
outside hardly at all.
And we're just another year--
they think this year maybe,
we're going to hit
the critical point.
They thought it was going
to happen last year.
But because of the freak nature
of ways the temperatures hit,
it didn't happen.
It may be that there's going to
be spots, like shotgun effect,
all over the world
in certain places.
And it could be anywhere.
It doesn't matter, it
could be anywhere at all.
If you're outside more than
15 or 20 minutes, that's it.
Throw your body away.
And you'll go blind
also, very quickly.
Even if we were able to
protect ourselves and we
only went out at nighttime.
We had spacesuits on to
go during the daytime,
all the animals of the world
are all going to go blind.
It's inevitable.
They're all going to go blind.
All our animals
are going to die.
We can't live
without our animals.
We're in it.
We're in it now.
We're going to be
in it this year,
I think, to where
we're going to start
feeling the effects of this.
And by next year for sure,
and each year after this,
it's going to get worse and
worse and worse and worse.
So we're right now
on the nice edge
of where the true effects of
all this that's been going on
is going to really start begin
to happen, start being felt.
And there are so
many other things.
You can just go
on and on and on.
And there's a lot of things
you guys don't even know about.
And there's a lot of
them I don't know about.
I'm only going to mention
three other ones, though.
I know there's lots
and lots and lots more.
When George Bush took
office in his first time
there, within one week
after taking office,
700 environmental
agencies banned together
to go talk to him.
700 of them, to tell him that
the worst scenario of all
is the greenhouse effect.
Worse than the ozone,
worse than the oceans,
and worse than lots of other
things that are going on.
That this was the worst
one they can think of.
It's not the worst one,
but it was the worst one
that they could
talk about anyway.
He said that if we don't
stop the greenhouse effect,
that we're basically
all going to die.
And this is when
Gorbachev wanted
to set up satellite
stations to monitor
all of the environmental
problems and everything.
And they were all starting
to talk about all this stuff,
and then just let it go again.
They just dropped the ball
and kept going for the jobs
rather than for the environment.
But if you carefully read and
study the greenhouse effect
and what it means to
you, you will definitely
rather have the
greenhouse effect go away
than lose your job.
Because this heating up is
not going to keep heating up.
I have studied this
pretty carefully,
and so have a lot of the
people that I worked with.
Just look at the John
Hamaker theories.
And there's videos made on this.
And study the evidence
that he presents.
And it's pretty
powerful evidence.
He's shown that you
can go to lake beds
and take samples out
of the lake bed floors.
And you can see, first of
all, one thing undeniable.
Ice ages have been moving in a
sine wave effect over the earth
forever.
They can look at
the pollen count.
That there are layers
where there is pollen,
and then there's long
layers in these ancient lake
beds where there's no pollen.
No life.
And then, pollen.
And then, no life.
And that the time
periods are-- there's
90,000 years of ice
on the earth followed
by 10,000 years of
warmth, followed
by 90,000 years of ice, followed
by 10,000 years of warmth.
What he was able to
distinguish from that
was that the length of--
they couldn't distinguish
for some reason until
about a few weeks ago,
the length of time that it took
to go from the cold to the hot.
When he was making the
theories, they didn't know
and they thought that
that was a slow process.
But they did know that the time
that it goes from hot to cold,
which is what we're in, that
they were able to calculate
very carefully from the
data of these things,
was 20 years long.
The time it went from a
normal, warm, everyday life
to solid ice, 50 below 0 average
on the planet and ice building
up rapidly to-- from
anywhere from a mile
to 2 miles on the surface of the
earth above certain equators,
certain places in the
earth, was 20 years long.
And the people who have been
studying this for a long time,
believe we are now
about 16 years,
17 years into that
20-year cycle.
They think it will hit
in the next 3 or 4 years.
If it happens, what they say--
the whole cycle is simply this.
The whole thing ties
into one word-- minerals.
You wouldn't think
minerals have anything
to do with any of this stuff.
But it's a cycle that
keeps repeating itself.
So it depends on where you
want to start in the cycle.
Let's start in the part where
the ice ages are receding.
And so you've got total cloud
cover over the entire planet.
It's 50 below 0
everywhere, or colder.
But slowly, slowly, slowly,
slowly, after 90,000 years,
it starts warming up and
the ice starts receding.
This 1, 2, 3-mile thick
ice thing as it recedes,
obviously crushes up all the
rock that's underneath there
and turns it into these
little 3 and 4 micron size
pieces of rock, which are
called minerals, which
get blown around the world
with the winds and things that
are going on.
And so the earth
gets mineralized.
And as it keeps warming up, the
mineralization and the warmth,
eventually the plant
growth starts catching on
and it really takes off.
It starts pulling 1
acre of average trees
as 50,000 tons of
carbon dioxide in it.
So it starts pulling
us back out of the air.
And the faster the plant grows
grows, the shield is lifted.
Until finally, the ice
really starts going away
and everything is watered.
And you have a situation
where we're back
into the normal situation--
where we are now.
And then about 10,000 years down
the line, the minerals run out.
Just like if this
plant, if you just
keep watering it and watering
it and watering it and watering
in it, you don't put any
minerals back in there,
that eventually it's going
to die because there's
no-- you go for so
long, and then it'll
just [SOUND EFFECT] do it.
Well, because the
mineralization basically
happens same time
all over the planet,
the whole planet goes at once.
And when the minerals
run out, all the trees
all over the planet
starts getting
weak, which is now happening.
And I'm not talking
about one, little place.
All over the globe
this is happening.
All the trees are getting weak.
All the trees are getting sick.
And because they're
getting sick,
the fires are beginning to burn.
And we have these
incredible fires
that are all over
the planet right now.
China has got huge
areas that are burning.
And India and places
all over the world,
these enormous-- huge,
enormous fires are burning.
This is just a natural
process, but we
are adding to it
with our automobiles
and all these kinds of things.
We are just throwing
gasoline on fire
and keeping it
going even faster.
And what they now have
just discovered, just
in the last few weeks.
In fact, it was just announced
in "Discovery" magazine
of this month.
They just found out that the
time that it goes from cold
to hot is 1 to 3 days long.
When the force
gets weak and they
start burning and the greenhouse
effect starts happening,
the oceans start warming up.
And the ocean water
around the equator
starts getting very
hot, which is just
what happened last year.
This spot here in the ocean
above Australia in here
is the hottest
recorded temperature
in the history
recorded of our earth.
86 degrees.
86 degrees in the
ocean water there.
This is last year.
This is from the NASA reports.
And what happens is
the water's heat up
and these huge amounts
of water get pulled up
into the atmosphere, which
then gets pulled by convection
currents because
you got a hot middle
and you got two frozen ends.
The convection currents
pull them over to the ends.
And then, all this water dumps
on the two ends, the poles,
and the poles build up faster.
These incredible poles start
building up, which they are.
They're just building
at phenomenal rates
right now, which
crushes the earth, which
causes all these volcanoes to
happen all over the planet.
Specifically, at the 19.5
North and South latitudes,
which we'll talk about later.
And this is going on
right now like crazy.
And then, what happens
is it just keeps going,
and keeps going,
and keeps going.
And then one day,
which they figure
takes about 20 years of
this process, the process
of the water-- the
oceans heat up so much
that the water's coming out
so fast that the clouds just
back over and that's it.
90,000 years sealed tight.
What was the sun getting
warm, goes [WHOOSH]
to an average of 50 below 0.
And you don't see the sky
again for 90,000 years.
And there are people who
think we're just only
a few years away from this.
And they're serious.
And so you could understand why
they may be a little concerned
about the greenhouse effect.
OK, I'll tell you what the
worst one is that I know of.
This one's not out there.
But this is the work
of Adam Trombly.
And Adam Trombly has
discovered that-- after having
a great deal of
research in this,
that atomic bombs have
an effect on our planet
that we probably
didn't know about.
We used to blow up atomic bombs
and have people watch them,
right?
It would become an x-ray
thing, and then they'd
drop dead a few years later.
And we didn't know.
And we used to blow up bombs
and have the clouds drift over
some of our Nevada cities.
And they're all dying.
We did a lot of things that
were wrong and out of stupidity.
But we blew up 212
bombs above the surface
until we got pressured
to do something else.
So we blew them underground.
Figured that's OK to
blow them underground.
It's not OK.
It's better to blow them above
ground than it is underground.
According to Adam,
what happens is
when you blow an atomic bomb
underground, the force of that
gets shot into the earth and
it ricochets inside the earth,
bouncing through the
plates for over 30 days
with incredible impact,
moving through these things
for a month going
through this stuff,
until the earth absorbs this.
Huge impact on there.
And you can do 1 of them, or 2
of them, or maybe 10 of them.
But we've been doing
these on a regular basis.
I don't even know how many
underground ones there
have been.
And so he wrote a paper in
recent past a couple of years
ago suggesting that
if this continues,
a very-- not very many more.
That certain
phenomenas are going
to start taking
place on the earth.
And they're all happening.
He said the first place
you're going to see
is the Indian Ocean dropping
by a remarkable amount.
It just dropped 25 feet.
The whole Indian ocean just
went [SOUND EFFECT] 25 feet.
And there's places that
he talked about how
this was going to happen.
And he believes that
if we keep doing it,
the earth will just blow up.
Just fall apart.
Pieces everywhere.
So that's the worst case
scenario I could think of.
And when the Indian
Ocean dropped
and certain other
things happened,
and it conformed exactly to what
he said, we were on red alert.
Military and government
levels were on red alert,
and probably still are relative
to this whole situation.
But I would not be surprised
if they wouldn't go blow
up another atomic bomb, even
though they know that it
may be the last one ever.
Because of some--
I don't even think
I want to even talk about it.
[LAUGHTER]
There's some other
stupid stuff they're
doing that they really
want to blow these bombs up
for that are just stupid.
But anyway.
>>What's that?
>>There's something called
the flexion crystals.
And it's something that
was discovered in 1927.
And the governments of the world
want to complete this project.
And it requires blowing
up atomic bombs.
Because whoever finishes the
project will kind of control
the earth, because the
technology will-- And it
comes so far along,
they're almost there.
The crystal place in
White Sands, New Mexico,
that's being built right now,
it's the primary purpose of it.
The flexion crystals-- if you
take a piezoelectric quartz
crystal and you shoot
a protracted radio
beam of a very
specific frequency
and wavelength down the
c-axis of the crystal,
it causes the crystalline--
the ions of the crystal
to begin to rotate.
And when they hit
a certain angle,
the crystalline lattice
structure breaks apart
and the crystal disappears
right before your eyes.
And the crystalline atoms
migrate into space and reform
into a larger crystalline atom.
And so you get a little--
say, a 2 inch crystal suddenly
disappears and reforms a few
minutes later 2,000% bigger.
It would be 40 inches long,
I guess that's what it is.
Instead of 2 inches.
And well, that
would be interesting
if it was just that.
But the other thing is, is the
crystal lifts off the ground.
It levitates.
And it levitate with--
it will lift huge.
A 2 inch crystal will lift
5,000 or 10,000 pounds
off the ground.
And not only is it
levitating and lift
a huge amount of
weight off the ground,
but it moves in the force of
c-axis with tremendous speed
and force.
And so, obviously, if you
could get those things together
and control them, in
terms of what that means,
in terms of space travel
and everything else,
it would be pretty good stuff.
But the one that they're mostly
concerned with, even more
than that, is that
a flexion crystal
absorbs 100% of all energy
that passes through it.
And retains it in the
lattice structure somehow.
Nobody knows how.
You can blow up an
atomic bomb and it
will absorb an atomic bomb
and release it as electricity
through many different kinds of
means, even mechanical means.
Or, release the bomb just
by striking the crystal.
And so there's all kinds of
purposes and reasons for that.
And I believe that
that's what's going on,
specifically since the Japanese
have gone around systematically
over the whole
world and bought up
all the piezoelectric crystals
on the planet just about.
There aren't any anywhere.
And you can't do it with
synthetic piezoelectric.
It has to be natural
for some reason.
And I think the-- I know
that the Russians, the United
States, and Japanese
were all working on this.
And I think the Japanese
have either figured it out
or are so close
to figuring it out
that they want to make sure they
had the world's supply of it.
So they bought it all.
They've got it all over there.
There's hardly
anything left anywhere.
>>Who has seen the
Strecker Memorandum here?
Quite a few people.
Dr. Strecker was one
who has carefully
watched the AIDS epidemic.
And if you believe
his data, he says
that it was the United Nations
through the World's Health
Organization that
created the AIDS virus.
And the purpose and the
reason that they did it
would be a pretty
obvious one, really.
And what you do if you
were in their place?
What if you were
on the world body
and you came to the realization
that the world's population was
going to double in 10 years?
If the world's population
doubles, we're all dead.
We can barely handle it with
what we got here right now.
If you could imagine all the
cities and the whole thing
doubling in population.
And rapidly?
They're all going to be kids.
The only reason it slowed down
primarily is because of China.
Because China's realized
this and had the wisdom
to make a single-- you can
only have one baby in China,
and that's it.
Though, it's causes a lot
of weird stuff going on
because they all want
to have male babies.
So they kill the girls and
make sure they only have males.
And so you got all these males
growing up with no females.
It's really a weird situation.
But it's a synthetic situation
that's been developed there.
But if they had
not done that, we
would be hitting this doubling
process in about 7 years.
As it stands now, I think
we've got a little bit longer.
But either way, no matter
how you look at it,
it's going to happen.
And when it happens,
it's all over.
And then it's going
to double again
really quick after that, which
would even definitely do us in.
So the population itself
would annihilate us all
if we don't do
something about it.
We will.
We could not survive it.
It would be all over.
And so the United Nations,
through the Strecker
Memorandum, said that
they had to do something.
And so what they did was they--
and he showed the actual United
Nations documents
saying that they
needed to reduce the world's
population by three quarters.
That's reduce it.
We're talking about
eliminating people.
And so according
to Strecker, they
took the virus from a sheep
and this virus of a cow
and blended them in a particular
way to create the AIDS virus.
But they already have the cure.
But they'll wait until three
quarters of the population
is dead, then they'll say,
we just found the cure.
And that's the game plan.
And it was put into the
Hepatitis B injections, which
were given primarily
to the homosexuals,
because they were the ones that
had that particular problem.
Whoever did that consciously
tried to get to them.
In the United States, anyway.
And so it appeared to
be a homosexual disease.
But in the rest of
world, it was not.
Whoever tried to do
it tried to get rid
of the homosexuals
and the blacks.
This is pretty clear, because
it started in Haiti and Africa
and in the homosexual community.
And now, it's not a
homosexual disease.
That's clear.
Because all over the
world except for here,
it's almost equal amounts.
And in the United States, it's
rapidly becoming equal amount.
The numbers
responding back to it.
It will be an equal
balance, males and females,
within a few more years.
This is what they calculated.
It's already rapidly
getting to that level.
Well, I don't think
they're still doing that.
I think they did all at
one time pretty much.
They didn't have
to do it anymore.
But there's a cure for AIDS,
though you'll just have to see.
It's the same thing-- what's
Strecker said at the very end
on there was he understood
that the answer lies in light.
And it's the Royal Rife
frequencies, but not
the ones that are published
because those are wrong
and they cause cancer.
And they were also
purposely distorted.
Whoever wrote the books and
everything else like that,
they did not tell you the truth.
But if you can figure
out what they are--
and the answer lies in this
geometry relative to that,
even on a scientific level.
But what do we do?
Even if we find an answer,
then what do we do?
What do we do about
the population?
So I don't know.
I just work here.
I don't have any
answers for you, guys.
I don't know.
It's an incredible situation.
And the one thing that
a lot of the doctors
have been very
afraid of with AIDS,
and also with cancer
and other diseases too,
is that with cancer, before
there ever even was AIDS,
doctors had this kind
of scenario going on
in their heads that they
never talked about too
much to other people.
But that was, what would happen
if cancer mutated and became
airborne like a cold?
Which it could do.
It's a virus and it could mutate
so you caught it like a cold.
And cancer could spread through
the whole world really quickly.
It's never happened,
but it could.
Theoretically, it could.
But there aren't many
different kinds of cancer.
But when you have
AIDS, you've got 9,000
to the fourth power of
different kinds of AIDS viruses.
And every time
someone gets AIDS,
they get a brand new virus.
Mathematically, it's inevitable.
Absolutely inevitable.
AIDS will become like a cold.
It has to.
And it probably has
already happened according
to World Health Organization.
They're very concerned about it,
if they are concerned about it.
There's a tribe
in Africa that was
about-- I guess it's been
about a year and half now.
There's a tribe in
Africa with 1,400 members
and they came into it.
These are from little
babies to old men.
Every kind of sexual thing
you can think of in there.
And every single one of them
had AIDS without exception.
And they suspect
strongly that it somehow
became either waterborne,
or airborne, or something.
And that it's probably
already taken place.
And if that's the case,
it takes a few years
for that to actually get
going around the planet.
But anyway, are you nervous?
OK, here we go again.
Well, anyway, the bottom
line of all this stuff
is, is that we are in
extraordinary times,
not only for informational
levels that are coming in
and all kinds of things.
When we talk about informational
levels, and it's like--
Another one that you could
see in extraordinary times
is the spiritual
level of information.
Remember how secret all
that information was?
People would die before they
told you about certain secrets
and things like that.
And now you can go into
a metaphysical bookstore
and there it all is for
anybody who wants it.
It's all there.
Why did all these
spiritual groups
release all that information
at the same time?
Who told them?
Who's guiding it?
Who let that all
come out at once?
It was all secret.
It was buried down deep.
We're in a situation
now where we're not
in an ordinary, everyday life.
And yet, most of us are going
on as though business as usual.
And we do have to have a certain
part of us that does that.
If we're going to survive
this or make it through,
we need to get through
the daily life.
In other words, we got to have
part of us that continues on
and pays the bills, and tries
to do it in the cleanest, best,
most sacred way they can.
But on the other hand, to live
only for that and for pleasure
and to keep going at
this point in the game
is really-- you're
just wasting your time.
If you think you're going to
get married and grow up and have
kids, and they're going to
grow up and go to college.
And you're going to watch
them grow and be-- I mean,
we're not going to be here.
We ain't going to
be here that long.
I don't care which one of these
scenarios take over eventually.
We've got all kinds
of things about ready
to crash down on us.
We're in the last days.
I don't care how you
want to look at this.
Whether you want to look
at the procession or any
of these other subjects, we're
in the final ends of this.
And yet, this is a
great gift to be here
at this particular moment, too.
Because we have the ability
now to take this time
to make certain changes
within ourselves.
And to be able to make this
transition out of this place
into a place that is clean
and healthy and ready.
The American Indians referred
to it as going from the fourth
to the fifth world.
They call it the day of-- Ah.
What'd they call it?
Aren't there any
American Indians in here?
[LAUGHTER]
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Anyway.
>>Day of purification, right.
But they speak about when
we would go from the fourth
to the fifth world.
And there's no difference
between their theories
of the fourth and fifth
world than the Melchizedek's
third and the fourth dimension.
They just count the great
void as 1, as the first world.
We count it as 0.
We don't think it's anything.
But we're both referring
to the same moment.
Boy, they're all
psyched out, all
across-- all over the place.
They're all preparing.
They're all ready.
They know exactly what to do.
They know right where to go,
and right where their homes are,
and what to do and everything.
And the rest of us are just
sitting here out there,
just going on as if
nothing's going on.
And we'll finally
get to the place
where they'll be
announcing on TV.
Well, don't go outside
anymore and things like this.
And we'll just
keep right on going
as though nothing's happening.
Take it for what
you want, but this
is the time that we're either
going to do it or we're not.
Because you're not
going to stay here.
You may want to stay
here, but we're not
going to have this
third dimensional planet
to be able to play
around in much longer.
And if you don't believe
me, check it out.
Because the more
you check it out,
you'll realize that I'm playing
lightly on this subject.